We've now got some tests around the expiration complete listener and I feel pretty confident in that,
the fact that this thing is probably working as expected.
But there is one last thing we have to do.
You might recall that back inside of our CRC directories indexed file, that is where we are inputting
all of our different listeners and it's where we create a new instance of the listener and tell it to
start listening for incoming events.
So we have to do that same thing for the expiration complete listener as well.
Inside of indexes at the very top, we will import the X Operation Complete listener.
From events listeners exploration complete.
Then down by the other two listeners.
We already started up.
We'll do the same exact thing.
So expiration complete listener.
That's rapper client and we'll call listen on that thing.
And that's pretty much it.
Now, if you wanted to test this thing out, we could go back over to Postman.
Inside a postman.
We can make sure that we are currently signed in.
Looks like I still am.
I can then create a new ticket.
So I'm at post API tickets.
I'll send that off.
I'll get my ticket ID right here and now I should be able to create a new order and then eventually
see the order expired or the order cancelled event get published.
So we'll go to another tab right here.
A post request to API slash orders.
I'm going to paste in the ticket ID.
And then send this thing off.
Now if I flip back over.
Inside of nets.
I got my expiration service.
It looks like it received an order created event and after 60 seconds it will publish the expiration
complete event and then in turn, our order service.
She would receive that event inside of exploration complete.
It should update the status of the order.
And then eventually published the order cancelled event as well.
So like I said, we should eventually see something that says order cancelled.
Now that is going to take 6 seconds or so.
So we're going to end the video right now, but I'll leave it up to you to just watch your console,
watch your terminal, and make sure that you eventually see that event get emitted.
Though this looks good.
Quick pause right here and we're going to start to move on to our next service in just a moment.